ENH: show_bbox and drop_id added to geoseries.to_json (#3226)
geopandas/geopandas: CHANGELOG.md

  the specified columns (#3101).
- Added support to ``read_file`` for the ``mask`` keyword for the pyogrio engine (#3062).
- Added support to ``read_file`` for the ``columns`` keyword for the fiona engine (#3133).

> - Added `show_bbox` and `drop_id` arguments to allow removal of unwanted parameters from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `show_bbox`, `drop_id` and `to_wgs84` arguments to allow further customization of 
```
